moreover you shall make the tabernacle
with ten curtains of fine woven linen
and blue purple and scarlet thread with
artistic designs of cherubim you shall
weave them the length of each curtain
shall be 28 cubits and the width of each
curtain four cubits and every one of the
curtains shall have the same
measurements five curtains shall be
coupled to one another and the other
five curtains shall be coupled to one
another and you shall make loops of blue
yarn on the edge of the curtain on the
selvage of one set and likewise you
shall do on the outer edge of the other
curtain of the second set fifty loops
you shall make in the one curtain and
fifty loops you shall make on the edge
of the curtain that is on the end of the
second set that the loops may be clasped
to one another and you shall make fifty
clasps of gold and couple the curtains
together with the clasps so that it may
be one tabernacle you shall also make
curtains of goat's hair to be a tent
over the tabernacle you shall make
eleven curtains the length of each
curtain shall be thirty cubits and the
width of each curtain four cubits and
the eleven curtains shall all have the
same measurements and you shall couple
five curtains by themselves and six
curtains by themselves and you shall
double over the sixth curtain at the
forefront of the temped you shall make
fifty loops on the edge of the curtain
that is outermost in one set and fifty
loops on the edge of the curtain of the
second set and you shall make fifty
bronze clasps put the clasps into the
loops
and couple the tent together that it may
be one the remnant that remains of the
curtains of the tent the half curtain
that remains shall hang over the back of
the tabernacle and a cubit on one side
and a cubit on the other side of what
remains of the length of the curtains of
the tent shall hang over the sides of
the tabernacle on this side and on that
side to cover it you shall also make a
covering of Ram skins dyed red for the
tent and a covering of badger skins
above that and for the tabernacle you
shall make the boards of acacia wood
standing upright 10 cubits shall be the
length of a board and a cubit and a half
shall be the width of each board two
Tenon's shall be in each board for
binding one to another thus you shall
make for all the boards of the
tabernacle and you shall make the boards
for the tabernacle twenty boards for the
south side you shall make forty sockets
of silver under the twenty boards two
sockets under each of the boards for its
two Tenon's
and for the second side of the
tabernacle the north side there shall be
twenty boards and there are forty
sockets of silver two sockets under each
of the boards for the far side of the
tabernacle westward you shall make six
boards and you shall also make two
boards for the two back corners of the
tabernacle there shall be coupled
together at the bottom and they shall be
coupled together at the top by one ring
thus it shall be for both of them they
shall be for the two corners so there
shall be eight boards with their sockets
of silver sixteen sockets two sockets
under each of the boards and you shall
make bars of a case or five for the
boards on one side of the tabernacle
five bars for the boards on the other
side of the tabernacle and five bars for
the boards on the side of the tabernacle
for the farside westward the middle bar
shall pass through the midst of the
boards from end to end
you shall overlay the boards with gold
make their rings of gold as holders for
the bars and overlay the bars with gold
and you shall raise up the tabernacle
according to its pattern which you were
shown on the mountain you shall make a
veil woven of blue purple and scarlet
thread and fine woven linen it shall be
woven with an artistic design of charity
you shall hang it upon the four pillars
of acacia wood overlaid with gold their
hooks shall be gold upon four sockets of
silver
and you shall hang the veil from the
clasps then you shall bring the Ark of
the testimony in there behind the Veil
the veil shall be a divider for you
between the holy place and the most holy
you shall put the mercy seat upon the
Ark of the testimony in the most holy
you shall set the table outside the veil
and the lamp stand across from the table
on the side of the tabernacle toward the
South and you shall put the table on the
north side you shall make a screen for
the door of the tabernacle woven of blue
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
linen made by a weaver and you shall
make for the screen five pillars of
acacia wood and overlay them with gold
their hooks shall be gold and you shall
cast five sockets of bronze for them